---
title: 'Resercher position on numerical simualtions'
date: 2021-03-17
permalink: /posts/2021/03/blog-post-7/
tags:
  - researcher
  - computer simulation
  - CFD, DEM
---

Vacancy
Research Assistant (full-time )

__Job Description__

We are looking for a motivated and skilled person who will be able to work on a research project about flow modeling through porous media on unconsolidated reservoirs. The project involves the design of upscaling methods between micro scale and lab scale experiment results in the model, which uses coupled Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) and Discrete Element Methods (DEM), and numerical methods for simulation of the flow through heterogeneous porous media. Other aspects of research include scientific computing and modeling with applications. This position is associated with the production of the publication in international journals. 

__Key tasks__:
1.	Conduct computational modeling and simulation to design upscaling method of sand production in porous media and to predict physical effects
2.	Publication in international journals with Q1-Q2 (1 publication per year)
 
__Qualification we require__: MSc or PhD degree in computational science and/or engineering; knowledge in computational science and code development; knowledge of Computational Fluid Dynamics(CFD)-Discrete Element Methods(DEM) coupled system), ; Effective writing skills in English for publication of articles in scientific journals; ability to use the software packages  such as Aspherix( (CFD-DEM), LIGGGHTS.

__Qualification we desire__: Advanced programming skills ( C++ and/or Python); HPC and associated software; hard-working and enthusiastic attitude; commitment to developing high-quality research; knowledge in numerical methods for the approximation of partial differential equations is preferable but not essential.

The contract is for one year with the possibility of extension up to 2 years. The starting date is April 2021.

Interested candidates may apply by sending a CV including a list of publications with subject “RA position Upscaling” to yerlan.amanbek@nu.edu.kz, Yerlan Amanbek.
	