---
title: 'Researcher position on computational mechanical model'
date: 2023-01-05
permalink: /posts/2023/01/blog-post-8/
tags:
  - researcher
  - computer simulation
  - DEM
---

Vacancy
Research Assistant (full-time )

__Job Description__

We are looking for a motivated and skilled person who will be able to work on a research project about mechanical modeling of bonding at polymer-metal interface. The project involves the design of adhesion model by interlocking of the two materials at the interface. Effect of controlled surface textures on the metallic surface on forming mechanical bonds with the polymer layer will be studied using Discrete Element Methods (DEM) or Finite Element Method(FEM). Other aspects of research include scientific computing and modeling with applications. This position is associated with the production of the publication in international journals. 

__Key tasks__:
1.	Conduct computational modeling and simulation to design mechanical modeling of bonding at polymer-metal interface and to predict physical effects
2.	Publication in international journals with Q1-Q2 (1 publication per year)
 
__Qualification we require__: MSc or PhD degree in computational science and/or engineering; knowledge in computational science and code development; knowledge of Discrete Element Methods(DEM) and/or Finite Element Method(FEM) ; Effective writing skills in English for publication of articles in scientific journals; ability to use the software packages  such as Aspherix( (DEM), LIGGGHTS, Abaqus.

__Qualification we desire__: Advanced programming skills ( C++ and/or Python); HPC and associated software; hard-working and enthusiastic attitude; commitment to developing high-quality research; knowledge in numerical methods for the approximation of partial differential equations is preferable but not essential.

The contract is for one year with the possibility of extension up to 3 years. The starting date is January 15 2023.

Interested candidates may apply by sending a CV including a list of publications with subject “RA position DEM” to yerlan.amanbek@nu.edu.kz, Yerlan Amanbek.
	